# LinkOS-Android-Samples
change 1
change1.1

## Projects contained in this repository:
[RFID UPC Scan to Encode](https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/520RFID_Android_Label_Tag)

[RFID UPC Scan to Encode - Demo Version](https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/520RFID_Demo_Softscan_Only)

[ConnectivityDemo]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/ConnectivityDemo)

[DefaultPrinterDemo]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/DefaultPrinterDemo)

[DeterminePrinterLanguageAndStatus]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/DeterminePrinterLanguageAndStatus)

[ListFormatsDemo]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/ListFormatsDemo)

[PDFPrint]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/PDFPrint)

[PrintRotatedImage]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/PrintRotatedImage)

[PrintStation]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/PrintStation)

[RetrievingMagneticCardTracks]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/RetrievingMagneticCardTracks)

[SendFileDemo]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/SendFileDemo)

[SetGetDoDemo]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/SetGetDoDemo)

[SignatureCaptureDemo]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/SignatureCaptureDemo)

[TapScanConnectTCPBT]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/TapScanConnectTCPBT)

[TestConnect_Demo]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/TestConnect_Demo)

[ZSDK_DevDemos_Combined]( https://github.com/Zebra/LinkOS-Android-Samples/tree/ZSDK_DevDemos_Combined)



# Notes
All android printer sample code is selectable from the branches on this repository.

This sample code is designed to work with the [Link-OS Multiplatform SDK](http://www.zebra.com/sdk).

Find [API Documentation](http://techdocs.zebra.com/link-os) here.

[Developer Community](https://developer.zebra.com/community/technologies/printers) and Forums.

---

# LinkOS_SDK license
## END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ##
**(UNRESTRICTED SOFTWARE)** 
 [link](http://link-os.github.io/Zebra_SDK_EULA.pdf)


**IMPORTANT PLEASE READ CAREFULLY:** This End User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal
agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Zebra
International Holdings Corporation ("Zebra") for software, owned by Zebra and its
affiliated companies and its third party suppliers and licensors, that accompanies
this EULA. ("Software"). BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE ACCEPTANCE OF THE
TERMS OF THIS EULA. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE. Zebra grants you, End-User Customer, the following rights
provided that you comply with all terms and conditions of this EULA: For Software
associated with Zebra hardware, Zebra hereby grants you ("Licensee" or "you") a
personal, nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonassignable, nonsublicenseable license to
use the Software subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Only your
employees or subcontractors may use the Software. You shall take all necessary steps
to insure that your employees and subcontractors abide by the terms of this
Agreement. You shall use the Software only for your internal business purposes,
exclusively to support the Zebra hardware, including the right to (i) use, modify,
and incorporate all or portions of the sample source code (the "Sample Code"),
runtime library files, and/or documentation files that may be included in the
unmodified Software into Licensee’s own programs (the "User Programs") to support
the Zebra hardware exclusively, provided that no license is granted herein under any
patents that may be infringed by Licensee’s modifications, derivative works or by
other works in which any portion of the Software may be incorporated; (ii)
distribute the Sample Code in object code format only as substantially modified or
only as part of the User Programs to support the Zebra hardware exclusively; and
(iii) distribute the runtime library files in their original form to support the
Zebra hardware exclusively. For a standalone Software application, you may install,
use, modify, and incorporate all or portions of any object code, available source
code ("Source Code"), runtime library files, and/or documentation files that may be
included with the unmodified Software into your own programs (the "User Programs")
and distribute the User Programs to third parties. Any use of the Software outside
of the conditions set forth herein is strictly prohibited and will be deemed a
breach of this Agreement resulting in immediate termination of your License. Zebra
will be entitled to all available remedies at law or in equity (including immediate
injunctive relief and repossession of all Software unless Licensee is a Federal
agency of the United States Government).
Certain items of the Software may be subject to open source licenses. The open
source license provisions may override some of the terms of this EULA. Zebra makes
the applicable open source licenses available to you on a Legal Notices readme file
available on your device and/or in System Reference guides or in Command Line
Interface (CLI) Reference guides associated with certain Zebra products.

2. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP. Zebra reserves all rights not expressly
granted to you in this EULA. The Software is protected by copyright and other
intellectual property laws and treaties. Zebra or its suppliers own the title,
copyright and other intellectual property rights in the Software. The Software is
licensed, not sold.

3. LIMITATIONS ON END USER RIGHTS. You shall not distribute, sublicense, rent, loan,
lease, export, re-export, resell, ship or divert or cause to be exported,
re-exported, resold, shipped or diverted, directly or indirectly, the unmodified
Software under this Agreement. You shall not, and shall not permit others to: (i)
combine the Software including any Sample or Source Code, in whole or in part, with
any Open Source Software having license terms and obligations that include copyleft
obligations and/or intellectual property encumbrances; (ii) remove any proprietary
notices, marks, labels, or logos from the Software; (iii) rent or transfer all or
some of the Software to any other party without Zebra’s prior written consent; or
(iv) utilize any computer software or hardware which is designed to defeat any copy
protection device, should the Software be equipped with such a protection device.

4. CONSENT TO USE OF DATA. You agree that Zebra and its affiliates may collect and
use technical information gathered as part of the product support services related
to the Software provided to you that does not personally identify you. Zebra and
its affiliates may use this information solely to improve their products or to
provide customized services or technologies to you. At all times your information
will be treated in accordance with Zebra’s Privacy Policy, which can be viewed at:
http://www.zebra.com.

5. LOCATION INFORMATION. The Software may enable you to collect location-based data
from one or more client devices which may allow you to track the actual location of
those client devices. Zebra specifically disclaims any liability for your use or
misuse of the location-based data. You agree to pay all reasonable costs and
expenses of Zebra arising from or related to third party claims resulting from your
use of the location-based data.

6. SOFTWARE RELEASES. Zebra may periodically release new versions of the Software
which will be made available to you.

7. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You acknowledge that the Software is subject to export
restrictions of various countries. You agree to comply with all applicable
international and national laws that apply to the Software, including all the
applicable export restriction laws and regulations.

8. ASSIGNMENT. You may not assign this Agreement or any of your rights or
obligations hereunder (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written
consent of Zebra. Zebra may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations
without your consent. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties to it and their respective legal
representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

9. TERMINATION. This EULA is effective until terminated. Your rights under this
License will terminate automatically without notice from Zebra if you fail to comply
with any of the terms and conditions of this EULA. Zebra may terminate this
Agreement by offering you a superseding Agreement for the Software or for any new
release of the Software and conditioning your continued use of the Software or such
new release on your acceptance of such superseding Agreement. Upon termination of
this EULA, you must cease all use of the Software and destroy all copies, full or
partial, of the Software.

10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. UNLESS SEPARATELY STATED IN A WRITTEN EXPRESS LIMITED
WARRANTY, ALL SOFTWARE PROVIDED BY ZEBRA IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ON AN "AS
AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND FROM ZEBRA, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, ZEBRA DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR WORKMANLIKE EFFORT,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, RELIABILITY OR AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, LACK OF
VIRUSES, NON INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR OTHER VIOLATION OF RIGHTS. ZEBRA
DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR
FREE. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE SOFTWARE COVERED BY THIS EULA INCLUDES EMULATION
LIBRARIES, SUCH EMULATION LIBRARIES DO NOT WORK 100% CORRECTLY OR COVER 100% OF THE
FUNCTIONALITY BEING EMULATED, ARE OFFERED "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND ALL THE
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH AND THIS AGREEMENT APPLY TO
SUCH EMULATION LIBRARIES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS
OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM ZEBRA OR ITS
AFFILIATES SHALL BE DEEMED TO ALTER THIS DISCLAIMER BY ZEBRA OF WARRANTY REGARDING
THE SOFTWARE, OR TO CREATE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY SORT FROM ZEBRA.

11. THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS. Certain third party applications may be included with,
or downloaded with this Software. Zebra makes no representations whatsoever about
any of these applications. Since Zebra has no control over such applications, you
acknowledge and agree that Zebra is not responsible for such applications. You
expressly acknowledge and agree that use of third party applications is at your sole
risk and that the entire risk of unsatisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and
effort is with you. You agree that Zebra shall not be responsible or liable,
directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss, including but not limited to any damage
to or loss of data, caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with,
use of or reliance on any such third party content, products, or services available
on or through any such application. You acknowledge and agree that the use of any
third-party application is governed by such third party application provider's Terms
of Use, License Agreement, Privacy Policy, or other such agreement and that any
information or personal data you provide, whether knowingly or unknowingly, to such
third-party application provider, will be subject to such third party application
provider's privacy policy, if such a policy exists. ZEBRA DISCLAIMS ANY
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OR ANY OTHER PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD
PARTY APPLICATION PROVIDER. ZEBRA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY REGARDING WHETHER
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS CAPTURED BY ANY THIRD PARTY APPLICATION PROVIDER OR THE
USE TO WHICH SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PUT BY SUCH THIRD PARTY APPLICATION
PROVIDER.

12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. ZEBRA WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR ANY
THIRD PARTY APPLICATION, ITS CONTENT OR FUNCTIONALITY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RELATED TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DEFECTS, DELAY IN
OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, FAILURE TO CONNECT, NETWORK CHARGES,
IN-APP PURCHASES, AND ALL OTHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF ZEBRA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO
YOU. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, ZEBRA’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL LOSSES,
DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THOSE BASED ON CONTRACT,
TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THIRD PARTY
APPLICATIONS, OR ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS EULA, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE FAIR MARKET
VALUE OF THE SOFTWARE OR AMOUNT PURCHASER PAID SPECIFICALLY FOR THE SOFTWARE. THE
FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS, AND DISCLAIMERS (INCLUDING SECTIONS 10, 11, 12,
AND 15) SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY
REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

13. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. You acknowledge that, in the event you breach any provision
of this Agreement, Zebra will not have an adequate remedy in money or damages. Zebra
shall therefore be entitled to obtain an injunction against such breach from any
court of competent jurisdiction immediately upon request without posting bond.
Zebra's right to obtain injunctive relief shall not limit its right to seek further
remedies.

14. MODIFICATION. No modification of this Agreement shall be binding unless it is in
writing and is signed by an authorized representative of the party against whom
enforcement of the modification is sought.

15. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS RESTRICTED RIGHTS. This provision only applies to U.S.
Government end users. The Software is a “commercial item” as that term is defined
at 48 C.F.R. Part 2.101, consisting of “commercial computer software” and “computer
software documentation” as such terms are defined in 48 C.F.R. Part
252.227-7014(a)(1) and 48 C.F.R. Part 252.227-7014(a)(5), and used in 48 C.F.R. Part
12.212 and 48 C.F.R. Part 227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. Part
12.212, 48 C.F.R. Part 252.227-7015, 48 C.F.R. Part 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4,
48 C.F.R. Part 52.227-19, and other relevant sections of the Code of Federal
Regulations, as applicable, the Software is distributed and licensed to U.S.
Government end users (a) only as a commercial item, and (b) with only those rights
as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions contained
herein.

16. APPLICABLE LAW. This EULA is governed by the laws of the state of Illinois,
without regard to its conflict of law provisions. This EULA shall not be governed by
the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application
of which is expressly excluded.
